Irish politics in the 1430s and 1440s was dominated by the feud between Ormonde, by then Lord Lieutenant of Ireland and Richard Talbot, Archbishop of Dublin, backed by his powerful brother John Talbot, 1st Earl of Shrewsbury. Nearly all Crown officials found themselves forced to take sides, and William Chevir was always a staunch adherent of Ormonde.[5] Giles Thorndon, the Lord Treasurer of Ireland, had a long and impressive record of service to the House of Lancaster, but as a foreigner seems to have been rather out of his depth in Ireland, which was then in a state of exceptional political turmoil. In general he backed the Talbots, but Ormonde persuaded him to appoint Chevir his deputy in 1442. According to Thordon's complaint to the Privy Council, Chevir was guilty of such obvious maladministration that Thorndon refused to reappoint him in 1443,[6] whereupon Ormonde despoiled Thorndon's property. The Crown was more interested in healing the feud than punishing those involved,[7] and matters dragged on inconclusively until 1446 when Chevir died; Thorndon returned to England soon afterwards.
One of the landmarks on Belmont Avenue was the Bally Manufacturing Corporation complex located between Washtenaw and Rockwell. The building featured neon signage with the Corporate logo that looked beautiful when illuminated. Address was 2640 West Belmont, 60618. Bally also had two buildings on the south side of the street; a Parts and Lithograph (print shop) department. There were numerous buildings in the surrounding neighborhood as well. Bally moved manufacturing and eventually the Corporate office to the west side of Chicago and to the western suburbs of Bensenville and Franklin Park starting in the late 1970s. The complex was sold in 1984 and after being occupied by Moloney Coachbuilders, it was sold and demolished to make way for modern luxury housing in 1997.
In February 1944 Anellis joined the newly created U.S. Army Quartermaster Corps Food and Container Institute in Chicago, and worked on problems of the microbiological safety of foods being shipped overseas to U.S. servicemen. Dehydrated milk and dehydrated eggs were products developed at this time for which Anellis tested the microbiological safety. Anellis's research focused on strains of bacteria which were especially heat-resistant, including salmonella and clostridium botulinum. This led to the consideration of the use of gamma radiation as a food preservative, and Anellis began research on the radiation resistance of bacteria in canned foods. In 1963 the Food and Container Institute was closed and its operations were moved to the U.S. Army Natick Research and Development Laboratories in Natick, Massachusetts. Anellis continued his research on the radiation resistance of bacteria at the Natick Labs until his retirement in 1977. While working at the Natick Labs he also participated in the program to develop foods and food preservations for NASA. Anellis was an advocate of irradiation of foods as a food preservative and preventative against microbiological contamination, and testified before the U.S. Congress and the U.S. Food and Drug Administration on the safety of human consumption of foods irradiated at low dosage.[2][3]
The current school building, which took two years to complete, is located on Ardenslate Road and was opened to pupils and staff in August 2007. It consists of a main teaching block complete with two gymnasia, a fitness suite, dance studio, assembly hall, technology and technical areas and music rooms. There is a suite of rooms, purpose-built for education of pupils with additional support needs. Specialised rooms include computer rooms, technology lab, specialised Graphic Communication room, drama suite, library, Modern Language rooms with audio equipment. There is extensive computer provision throughout the school. Two astroturf sports pitches have been built on the site of the old school building, which was demolished in 2007. These are to be used for both hockey and football. The pitches will be serviced by training floodlights.
In molecular biology, an intrabody (from intracellular and antibody) is an antibody that works within the cell to bind to an intracellular protein.[1] Due to the lack of a reliable mechanism for bringing antibodies into the cell from the extracellular environment, this typically requires the expression of the antibody within the target cell, which can be accomplished by gene therapy. As a result, intrabodies are defined as antibodies that have been modified for intracellular localization, and the term has rapidly come to be used even when antibodies are produced in prokaryotes or other non-target cells.[2] This term can apply to several types of protein targeting: the antibody may remain in the cytoplasm, or it may have a nuclear localization signal,[3] or it may undergo cotranslational translocation across the membrane into the lumen of the endoplasmic reticulum, provided that it is retained in that compartment through a KDEL sequence.[4]
Verdon won her first Tony Award for Best Actress in Damn Yankees (she had won previously for best supporting actress in Can-Can). (Fosse appears in the film version of Damn Yankees, which he also choreographed, in which Verdon reprises her stage triumph as "Lola"; they partner each other in the mambo number, "Who's Got the Pain".) In 1957 Fosse choreographed New Girl in Town, again directed by George Abbott, and Verdon won her second Leading Actress Tony. In 1960, Fosse was, for the first time, both director and choreographer of a musical called simply Redhead.[5] With Redhead, Verdon won her third Tony Award for Best Actress in a Musical; the show won the Tony for best musical and Fosse carried off the award for best choreography. Fosse was to partner star Verdon as her director/choreographer again with Sweet Charity and again with Chicago. (Fosse was to win the Tony for Best Direction of a Musical in 1973 with Pippin.) Fosse performed a memorable song and dance number in Stanley Donen's 1974 film version of The Little Prince, and in 1977, Fosse had a small role in the romantic comedy Thieves.
This large National Park consists mainly of wet sclerophyll forests, but small pockets of rainforest also exist along the eastern slopes and hilltops. The Seaview, George and Cardwell ranges dominate the landscape, which is strewn with granite debris from a volcanic eruption 100,000 years ago. Perhaps the most well known geological feature in this park is the Wallaman Falls. At 268 m it is the largest single-drop falls in Australia. The park forms part of the Wooroonooran Important Bird Area, identified as such by BirdLife International because it supports populations of a range of bird species endemic to Queensland’s Wet Tropics.[2]
David E. Muller was the son of Hermann Joseph Muller and Jessie Jacobs Muller Offermann (formerly Jesse Marie Jacobs). He was born in Austin, Texas, when his parents taught at The University of Texas. His mother, who was one of the earliest women who received a Ph.D. in mathematics in the United States,[2] lost her position as an instructor in pure mathematics at Texas because she became pregnant, and according to Hermann Joseph Muller's biographer, "her colleagues felt that a mother could not give full attention to classroom duties and remain a good mother."[3] As a child he was with his parents in Berlin and Leningrad in 1933–34. His family was dissolved in the Soviet Union. He returned to Austin with his mother in July 1934. His mother obtained a divorce in Texas in the summer of 1935. Sometime between October 1935 and January 1936, Jessie Muller married Carlos Alberto Offermann, who had been working in Muller's laboratory and was on a visit to Austin from the Soviet Union at that time.[2] Hermann Joseph Muller left the Soviet Union in 1937 after the start of Stalin's political persecutions. After a brief stay in Madrid and Paris, in September 1937, Hermann moved to Edinburgh, where he married Dorothea Kantorowicz in May 1939. They had a daughter, Helen Juliette. Hermann Joseph Muller received the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1946.
Although there was an improving system of roads in early modern Scotland, it remained a country divided by topography, particularly between the Highland and Islands and the Lowlands. Most of the economic development was in the Lowlands, which saw the beginnings of industrialisation, agricultural improvement and the expansion of eastern burghs, particularly Glasgow, as trade routes to the Americas opened up. The local laird emerged as a key figure and the heads of names and clans in the Borders and Highlands declined in importance. There was a population expanding towards the end of the period and increasing urbanisation. Social tensions were evident in witch trials and the creation of a system of poor laws. Despite the aggrandisement of the crown and the increase in forms of taxation, revenues remained inadequate. The Privy Council and Parliament remained central to government, with changing compositions and importance before the Act of Union in 1707 saw their abolition. The growth of local government saw introduction of Justices of the Peace and Commissioners of Supply, while the law saw the increasing importance of royal authority and professionalisation. The expansion of parish schools and reform of universities heralded the beginnings of an intellectual flowering in the Enlightenment. There was also a flowering of Scottish literature before the loss of the court as a centre of patronage at the beginning of the seventeenth century. The tradition of church music was fundamentally changed by the Reformation, with the loss of complex polyphonic music for a new tradition of metrical psalms singing. In architecture, royal building was strongly influenced by Renaissance styles, while the houses of the great lairds adopted a hybrid form known as Scots baronial and after the Restoration was influenced by Palladian and Baroque styles. In church architecture a distinctive plain style based on a 'T'-plan emerged. The Reformation also had a major impact on art, with a loss of church patronage leading to a tradition of painted ceilings and walls and the beginnings of a tradition of portraiture and landscape painting.
Evolutionary biology, as an academic discipline in its own right, emerged as a result of the modern evolutionary synthesis in the 1930s and 1940s.[1] It was not until the 1970s and 1980s, however, that a significant number of universities had departments that specifically included the term evolutionary biology in their titles. In the United States, as a result of the rapid growth of molecular and cell biology, many universities have split (or aggregated) their biology departments into molecular and cell biology-style departments and ecology and evolutionary biology-style departments (which often have subsumed older departments in botany, zoology and the like). The subdiscipline of paleontology is often found in earth science/geology/geoscience departments.
On November 25, 2008, Patsos and the Greyhounds double-teamed Davidson All-American Stephen Curry for the entire game, leaving his other three players to face the 24th ranked Wildcats in a four on three game. Davidson won by 30, while Curry stood in the corner during most possessions. Commenting afterwords, Patsos said: "We had to play against an NBA player tonight. Anybody else ever hold him scoreless? I'm a history major. They're going to remember that we held him scoreless or we lost by 30? I know the fans are mad at me, but I had to roll the dice as far as a coach goes. I'm not some rookie coach," said Patsos, a former longtime assistant at Maryland. "I won a national title as a top assistant coach to Gary Williams. For 13 years I spent on Tobacco Road. I coached a couple of No. 1 picks in the draft. And we scored 48 points. That's the problem that Loyola basketball had today." (implying that his team's offense cost them the game, not their defense).[6]
The Orange County Writing Contest is held every year in different cities of Orange County in which young and old writers enlighten, compete, and critique on the past, present, and future. The top most notable writers are chosen by a panel of prominent literay figures and are presented with an award for their insightful work. The contest is always a full house of intent listeners to hear the young and old voices of the generations. From poets to storytellers the experience is always treasuring even if your piece is not the most worthy of the panel.
The monument was saved from threatened demolition in 2002, although a nearby viewing platform was demolished.[3] On 17 October 2002, local newspaper Dorset Echo had published an article under the title "Meeting to hear of plans for Bill obelisk", which was based on the demolition decision. A public meeting was called to discuss the future of the then 158-year-old obelisk, held at Portland Heights Hotel. Originally, Trinity House had announced plans to demolish it because the obelisk was becoming too expensive to maintain, and the authority announced that it was prepared to contribute £12,500 towards the former shipping mark's preservation if an appeal was launched. During 2002, campaigners successfully won a battle to keep the monument standing, and despite this, the Dorset Echo article had stated that Trinity House had claimed that nobody had come forward with any financial assistance for the upkeep of the redundant landmark.
Shane Larkin was born in Orlando, Florida on October 2, 1992, the son of Barry and Lisa Larkin.[1] His father Barry was a Hall of Fame shortstop for the Cincinnati Reds.[1] Other athletes in Larkin's family include his uncles, former Xavier University standout basketball player Byron Larkin, and former Major League first baseman Stephen Larkin.[1] When Larkin was in elementary school, his father's Reds teammates Tony Pérez and Pete Rose would give the younger Larkin tips on hitting a baseball during spring training.[2][3] After being told this training was "all wrong" by a Little League coach, Larkin quit baseball and decided to focus on basketball.[2][3][4]
This cluster is of interest because of the high number of Be stars, with a total of about 24 discovered. These are spectral class B stars that show prominent emission lines of hydrogen in their spectrum. Most of the Be stars in the cluster lie between spectral class B0 and B3.[2] A candidate member of the cluster, LS I +61° 235, is a Be star with an X-ray binary component that has a period of about three years.[5] There are at least five blue stragglers in the cluster. These are stars that formed by the merger of two other stars.[3] Two of the cluster's star systems are likely eclipsing binaries with periods of 0.6 and 1.03 days.[6] NGC 663 also has two red supergiant stars, both located on its periphery[7][8]
He was a fringe contender in the heavyweight division in the early 1980s, fighting such opponents as Tim Witherspoon, Renaldo Snipes and Mitch Green, losing decisions against all three. In his last fight, Cummings was stopped by Frank Bruno. Though Bruno was somewhat fortunate to survive a right hand blow on the bell of round one that left him severely dazed and on the back foot til late in the second. He is also notable for having been the final opponent of former heavyweight champion Joe Frazier, when Frazier made a brief comeback in 1981; the fight was scored a draw. Cummings ended his career with a record of 15 wins, six losses and one draw.
During the 1930s the Cathedral began to take up a role as a venue for public services, notably for the state funeral of Sir Frederick Truby King, the founder of the Plunket Society. Social work featured prominently at this time, with the synodsmen, vestry and church leaders all publicly opposed to the government’s Depression policies. The Cathedral administered a food bank and distributed food parcels for the citizens of Dunedin. Shortly after the Second World War, St Paul's suffered the loss of Dean Cruickshank, who moved to the Diocese of Waiapu, and of Professor Victor Galway. The latter, an organist and Professor of Music, had been immensely popular, attracting large crowds to his recitals and performances. He had also regularly broadcast his productions, paving the way for services to be aired on radio.
Many countries have laws prohibiting import of dodder seed, requiring crop seeds to be free of dodder seed contamination. Before planting, all clothes should be inspected for dodder seed when moving from an infested area to a non-infested crop. When dealing with an infested area, swift action is necessary. Recommendations include planting a non-host crop for several years after the infestation, pulling up host crops immediately, particularly before the dodder produces seed, and use of preemergent herbicides such as Dacthal in the spring. Examples of non-host crops include grasses and many other monocotyledons. If dodder is found before it chokes a host plant, it may be simply removed from the soil. If choking has begun, the host plant must be pruned significantly lower than the dodder, 
Cross-border trade by pastoralists is often informal and beyond state control and regulation. In East Africa, over 95% of cross-border trade is through unofficial channels and the unofficial trade of live cattle, camels, sheep and goats from Ethiopia sold to Somalia, Kenya and Djibouti generates an estimated total value of between US$250 and US$300 million annually (100 times more than the official figure).[24] This trade helps lower food prices, increase food security, relieve border tensions and promote regional integration.[24] However, there are also risks as the unregulated and undocumented nature of this trade runs risks, such as allowing disease to spread more easily across national borders. Furthermore, the government of Ethiopia is purportedly unhappy with lost tax revenue and foreign exchange revenues.[24] Recent initiatives have sought to document and regulate this trade.[24]
Given the amount of debt that Manchester United is saddled with, some analysts have estimated that any takeover bid would have to total more than £2 billion, of which around £1.6 billion would be needed to match the Glazers' valuation of the club – double what they paid for the club in 2005.[43] However, the Red Knights publicly stated that they would only pay "a fair price" when their takeover bid finally came.[44] On 11 March 2010, the Red Knights appointed Nomura Securities Co. as their advisers for their takeover bid. Nomura previously advised the Manchester United board before the Glazers' bid to buy the club.[45] The Red Knights later admitted that they would not make a bid for the club before the end of the season,[46] but it was believed that their preferred bid option would have involved retaining the £500 million bond issued by the Glazers. Two-thirds of a further £700 million would be provided by 30–40 wealthy Manchester United fans, with the remainder provided by fund-raising from ordinary fans. Once the club was secured, shares would then be offered to fans, allowing them to take ownership of the club.[47] Despite these plans, in June 2010 the Red Knights put their takeover bid 'on hold', citing "inflated valuation aspirations" in the media as the reason. Having already stated that they would only pay a "sensible" amount for the club, the group was thought to have baulked at the suggestion that the Glazers' valuation of the club was significantly higher than the amount they were willing to pay.[48]
Eyewitness accounts exist of Washington engaging in morning devotions. Jared Sparks recorded the following account from Washington's nephew George W. Lewis: "Mr. Lewis said he had accidentally witnessed [Washington's] private devotions in his library both morning and evening; that on those occasions he had seen him in a kneeling position with a Bible open before him and that he believed such to have been his daily practice."[49] Sparks also reports that Washington's adopted daughter, Nelly Custis-Lewis, in response to his request for information on Washington's religions views, wrote, "He attended the church at Alexandria when the weather and roads permitted a ride of ten miles (a one-way journey of 2-3 hours by horse or carriage). In New York and Philadelphia he never omitted attendance at church in the morning, unless detained by indisposition [sickness]." She continued by saying "No one in church attended to the services with more reverential respect." She added: "I should have thought it the greatest heresy to doubt his firm belief in Christianity. His life, his writings, prove that he was a Christian. He was not one of those who act or pray, that they may be seen of men." In closing, Nelly attempted to answer the question of whether General Washington was a Christian. She responded, "Is it necessary that any one should certify, 'General Washington avowed himself to me a believer in Christianity?' As well may we question his patriotism, his heroic, disinterested devotion to his country. His mottos were, 'Deeds, not Words'; and, 'For God and my Country.'"[50]
The game ends when the player's turret is hit by a bomb, when a single paratrooper lands directly on the turret base, when three paratroopers safely land atop each other immediately adjacent to the turret base (allowing the third to jump onto the base), or when four paratroopers safely land on either the left or right of the turret (that is four on one side, not four total). If four land on a side, they are able to build a human pyramid and climb up to the turret and blow it up once the sky is clear. There is a chance to kill the paratroopers before they assault the turret if you can cause still-airborne paratroopers to fall without parachutes on enough ground forces to reduce them to fewer than four on a side, fewer than three stacked by the turret base, or remove all from atop the base. They will not perform the final assault until all airborne forces are gone.
In Early Miocene times (24-21 Ma), a series of thrust sheets was emplaced over Northland,[2] extending as far south as the Kaipara Harbour and Albany areas. The rocks came from the northeast (perhaps beyond the Vening Meinesz Fracture Zone), and were emplaced in reverse order, but the right way up. The original rocks are of Cretaceous to Oligocene age (90-25 Ma), and include mudstone, limestone and basalt lava. The allochthon includes displaced Te Kuiti group rocks. The basalt lava of the Tangihua Complex is believed to represent sea floor, that has been thrust onto Northland to form high standing massifs, such as the Reinga, Ahipara, Warawara, Mangakahia, and Maungataniwha massifs. Isolated bodies of serpentine occur at North Cape, and south of Maungaturoto.[4]
The history of Russian bell founding goes back to the 10th century, but in the medieval Russian Orthodox Church, bells were not typically rung to indicate church service, but to announce important ceremonies, celebrations, and as an alarm in case of fire or enemy attack. One of the largest of the early bells was the original Tsar Bell, cast in the 15th century. Completed in 1599, it weighed 18,000 kg and required 24 men to ring its clapper. Housed in the original wooden Ivan the Great Bell Tower in the Moscow Kremlin, it crashed to the ground in a fire in the mid-17th century and was broken to pieces.
Mapledurham mill dates back to Domesday Book, and the weir was probably connected to it then, although the earliest extant reference to the weir is from the time of Edward I.[5] The mill was attached to the property of Mapledurham House, owned by the Blount family, who have always had an interest in the weir. There was a flash lock at the weir but passage through this was stopped at the opening of the pound lock in 1777.[1] The lock was built of fir on the Purley side of the river and was to be called Purley Lock. However local custom retained the old name.[1] A cottage was ordered for the lock-keeper in 1816. During the 19th century there were disputes between the lock-keeper William Sheppard and the Blount family. However despite Blount's representations to the Conservators, Sheppard remained in post for 54 years, retiring at the age of 79.[6] A new and greatly enlarged lock was built beside the old one in 1908.[2]
Daria's artistic best friend and fellow outcast, as well as the youngest of the five Lane siblings. While sharing some of Daria's misanthropic views and attitudes, Jane is much more lively and well adjusted than her best friend.[4] In the episode "The F Word", Jane's response to an assignment to try something at which she thought she'd fail was to try to become a popular cheerleader. She did so effortlessly, but quickly became disgusted with the "in crowd" and returned to her old self. Jane also flirts with mainstream acceptance when she joins the track team, but quits after her teammates insult Daria ("See Jane Run"). Living with her older brother Trent (see below), she manages to stay completely functional and content with life despite a complete absence of parental guidance or even presence. Aside from her friendship with Daria, her major defining characteristic is her artistic talent, for which she strives desperately to maintain her integrity, even going so far as to vandalize her art when a caption is changed for a school contest ("Arts N Crass") and to quit making replicas for money after realizing the negative impact upon her creativity ("Art Burn"). Jane is voiced by Wendy Hoopes. Jane likes to make postmodern art, and Jane and Daria's favorite TV show is "Sick, Sad World."[4] Anita Gates of The New York Times says that Jane "knows all of Daria's peculiarities and still loves her" and that "the absolute proof that Jane is a good friend is that she knows how Daria feels about Trent and will never, ever tell."[3]
The village of Wixom was incorporated in the 1950s following the announcement of plans to construct the Wixom Assembly Plant in Novi Township. Prior to that time, Wixom was an unincorporated place. The village borders included portions of both Novi and Commerce Townships. Efforts by the remainder of Novi Township to incorporate as a village prompted the newly established village of Wixom to incorporate as a city. The city largely follows the borders of the village although a small area of parkland on the north side of the city was annexed from Commerce Township in the 1970s.
After Rosalind puts Batty to bed, Skye calls Jane and Rosalind to a MOOPS, Meeting Of Older Penderwick Sisters. Batty knows only about a MOPS which is meeting of Penderwick sisters. She tells them what she said to the boy, and Jane is sent to apologize to him the next day. Jane finds out his name is Jeffrey, and becomes friends with him. Meanwhile, at the cottage, Rosalind and Skye are baking cookies for Jeffrey, and Cagney comes over with the Fimbriata. So Rosalind goes to help Jeffrey, Skye finishes making the cookies, but broils them. When Rosalind comes back inside the house, she sees that Skye ruined the cookies. She accidentally insults Skye, and then Skye yells that she thinks that Jeffrey's a snob, right as he and Jane are walking through the door. Mr. Penderwick sends them on a walk, and then Batty almost gets attacked by a bull. Skye, Jane, and Jeffrey manage to save her, but aren't allowed to tell anyone what happened, because Mr. Penderwick and Rosalind will think Skye and Jane didn't take care of her well. But Batty's butterfly wings get scratched up, so they tell everyone that Batty got stuck in a rosebush. Rosalind fixes them for her, and everyone goes to Jeffrey's house for Churchie's, the cook, gingerbread. Churchie wants Jeffrey to invite the girls to his birthday party but Jeffrey doesn't want them to come. Meanwhile Churchie brings the girls to choose beautiful dresses. Then they came to the birthday party but it turns out to be a disaster. At the birthday dinner, Mrs. Tifton starts to despise the girls, and Jeffrey finds out that his mother is going to marry Dexter Dupree, a very mean man. Jeffrey also finds out that Dexter is planning to send him off to Pencey Military Academy once he and Mrs. Tifton get married.
Unfortunately, in an era before antibiotics surgery resulted in a very high rate of postoperative morbidity and mortality, largely from postoperative infection. Among his patients at this time was Margaret Fisher, daughter of wealthy and famed Yale economist Irving Fisher, who believed in the hygienic movement of the period. Diagnosed by physicians in Bloomingdale Asylum as schizophrenic, which was untreatable until the modern development of some pharmaceutical agents, Fisher had his daughter transferred to Trenton, however, because Cotton attributed her condition to a "marked retention of fecal matter in the cecal colon with marked enlargement of the colon in this area" for which she was subjected to a series of colonic surgeries before dying of a streptococcal infection in 1919. The danger of surgery was recognized by some patients in the institution, who, despite their mental illness, developed a very rational fear of the surgical procedures, some resisting violently as they were forced into the operating theater in complete contradiction of what are now commonly accepted medical ethics. A paternalistic attitude and the permission of the family of seriously insane patients was the basis of intervention at the time.
Some companies, with high traffic of visitors and employees, opt to install a coffee dispenser (vending machine) as their coffee service. Typically these machines give the user the choice of various types of coffee, tea and hot chocolate.[3] Money collected is usually kept by the employer to offset the cost of the maintenance contract and for the purchase of the instant coffee used by the machine. However, sometimes companies make the coffee from such machines free. Unfortunately, the coffee dispensed by these machines may be of low quality.
Walnut Street Park was the scene of a shooting in March 2008,[4] and an arrest for a stabbing in July 2011.[5] The shooting was considered gang related,[4] while the stabbing was a domestic disturbance at a nearby home where the suspect then hid in the park.[5] Sexual Minorities of Washington County adopted the park in 2009 as part of the cities Adopt a Park program.[6] In 2012, a federal grant paid for improvements at the park, including a splash pad.[7] Other improvements paid for by the $175,000 grants included new park benches and grass.[7] The park received new sod in October 2012 as part of the same renovations.[8] The used sod came from a former softball field at the Gordon Faber Recreation Complex that was removed to make way for the Hillsboro baseball stadium.[8]
Allen joined the Class-B Houston Buffaloes of the Texas League in 1911. That season, Allen was a player-manager, making it his debut as a manager in professional baseball. He batted .187 with 69 hits, 11 doubles, two triples and two home runs in 155 games that season. Allen also led the Buffaloes to a 71–75 record in 1911.[1] In 1912, Allen continued his tenure with the Buffaloes as a player, but not a manager. In 92 games that season, Allen batted .243 with 75 hits, nine doubles and three triples. Allen continued playing with the Houston team in 1913 and batted .208 with 51 hits, one double and two triples in 80 games played. In 1914, Allen batted .218 with 48 hits, seven doubles and two triples in 68 games that season with Houston. Allen played 92 games with the Houston team in 1915. In those games, Allen batted .215 with 61 hits, 10 doubles and four triples. Allen spent hit final season as a professional baseball player in 1916. With Houston, Allen batted .185 with 28 hits and four doubles in 54 games played.
Biographic leverage is a term used in the field of espionage to describe a form of blackmail in which a piece of negative information about an individual is used as 'leverage' to persuade them to do something they are reluctant to do or to disclose secret information.[1][2] This information could be about events in the individual's past, or their current personal life. Details of criminal activities or marital infidelity are common forms of biographic leverage; recruitment as a spy is a frequent goal of such activity. For example, the fact that William G. Sebold had been prosecuted for petty theft was used as biographic leverage by Abwehr to persuade him to be involved in undercover intelligence work in the 1940s.[3]
In the 15th century, with the advent of printing, the work then appeared in four blockbook editions, two Latin and two in Dutch, and then in sixteen incunabulum editions by 1500. The blockbooks present unique questions as only editions of this work combine hand-rubbed woodcut pages with text pages printed in movable type. Further eccentricities include a run of twenty pages in one edition which are text cut as a woodcut, based on tracings of pages from another edition printed with movable type. Though the circumstances of production of these editions are unknown, two of the editions are in Dutch and the Netherlands was probably the centre of production, as with most blockbooks.[8] Hind places them in Holland, from about 1470-75.[9] It appears the Prohemium may have been sold separately as a pamphlet, as one version speaks of the usefulness of it for "poor preachers who cannot afford the entire book".[10]
Ground Round was well known in the 1970s and 1980s for its children's parties, showing old time silent movies and cartoons on a big screen, a mascot named Bingo the Clown, and for passing out whole peanuts where diners were not discouraged from throwing the shells on the floor, which became one of The Ground Round's more endearing qualities that attracted families with small children; they also often gave diners popcorn with their dinner, rather than bread. The newest incarnation of Ground Round doesn't support such behavior and markets to the adult dining and cocktails crowd, although families are still welcome (a mascot called the Ground Round Hound, an anthropomorphic hound dog, appears on the kids' menu).
Initially the school started as a day boarding with just eight students, and consisted of a small building situated near the historic military hospital established in 1861. The school officially came into existence in 1958 under control of the St. Patrick's Church in Kasauli. Baltazar Pereira was the parish priest, in charge of the church. He headed the school for a few years and soon started facing difficulties due to the growing number of students. It was then that the Bishop of the Simla Diocese invited the congregation of The Sisters of the Destitute to take over the school. Since then the school has been under the management of these nuns who belong to the Syro-Malabar Catholic Church. The management also runs the Sacred Heart Convent School at Jagadhri. The school started imparting quality education and the number of students increased rapidly. The main building came into existence in the 1970s near the St. Patrick's Church Kasauli built by the British Army. The school now runs a boarding school for girls.
The caps at both poles consist primarily of water ice. Frozen carbon dioxide accumulates as a comparatively thin layer about one metre thick on the north cap in the northern winter only, while the south cap has a permanent dry ice cover about 8 m thick.[3] The northern polar cap has a diameter of about 1000 km during the northern Mars summer,[4] and contains about 1.6 million cubic km of ice, which if spread evenly on the cap would be 2 km thick.[5] (This compares to a volume of 2.85 million cubic km (km3) for the Greenland ice sheet.) The southern polar cap has a diameter of 350 km and a thickness of 3 km.[6] The total volume of ice in the south polar cap plus the adjacent layered deposits has also been estimated at 1.6 million cubic km.[7] Both polar caps show spiral troughs, which recent analysis of SHARAD ice penetrating radar has shown are a result of roughly perpendicular katabatic winds that spiral due to the Coriolis Effect.[8][9]
In 1687 Assistance was rebuilt at Deptford as a 48-gun fourth-rate ship of the line.[2] Life aboard her when cruising in the Mediterranean in 1675-6 is described in the diary of Henry Teonge. She was rebuilt for a second time at Deptford in 1699, relaunching as a fourth rate of between 46 and 54 guns.[3] In 1702 she was attached to the squadron of Commodore John Leake for service to Newfoundland at the outbreak of the War of the Spanish Succession. Leake sent her to destroy the fortifications of the isle of Saint Pierre.[6]
ASTM F 1643 is a Standard Test Methods for Detention Sliding Door Locking Device Assembly. This standard was created by the American Standard for Testing and Materials (ASTM). ASTM International which was funded in 1898, is an international standards developing organization that develops and publishes standards for a wide range of materials, products, systems, and services. This standard was published by ASTM F33 which is a committee specializes about detention and correctional facilities. FM 33 has published 14 standards in this area. The test enables to give information about the performance feature regarding devices in services against assault, smoke, and fire conditions into several organizations including detention and correctional institutions. Several features are not considered such as both installation and maintenance conditions. This test enables to help ensure that detention sliding devices perform against intrusion, avoid that intruders penetrate in unauthorized access and to resist common types of vandalism into an organization.
The last voyage of the Karluk, flagship of the Canadian Arctic Expedition of 1913–16, ended in a disaster which led to the deaths of almost half the ship's complement. In August 1913 the ship became trapped by ice in the Arctic Ocean. The expedition's leader, Vilhjalmur Stefansson, then left with a hunting party; while he was away the ship began to drift, preventing his return. When after many weeks the ship was crushed by ice and sunk its captain, Robert Bartlett, led the 25 crew and expedition personnel across the sea ice to Wrangel Island, 80 miles (130 km) away. In the dangerous conditions, eight men were lost on the march. From the island Bartlett and an Inuk companion set out for the Siberian coast to seek help; they eventually reached Alaska, but weather conditions delayed the organisation of a rescue. On Wrangel Island the stranded party were short of food and troubled by internal dissent; before their rescue in September 1914 three more of the party had died. Some of the voyage's survivors were critical of Stefansson for leaving the ship, although he escaped official censure. Bartlett was hailed as a hero by the public and by his former Karluk shipmates.
Although he obtained a degree in engineering at his parent's request,[3] upon finishing his education, McBrain paid his rent by undertaking session work, before deciding to join his first "proper" band, "The 18th Fairfield Walk", later known as "Peyton Bond".[4] A small pub band, which he decided was "never gonna go anywhere" as they only performed Otis Redding, The Beatles and The Who covers, McBrain soon left to join "The Wells Street Blues Band", which renamed themselves "The Axe" in 1969.[4] Although this group would play their own material, the band split up after an argument between the singer and the guitarist, and McBrain began playing with Billy Day, a singer and keyboardist, and Michael "Mickey" Lesley, a guitarist, in 1971.[5] At that point, he was known as "Nicky", a nickname given to him by his parents after his teddy bear, Nicholas,[1] until an intoxicated Billy Day introduced him to Dick Asher, head of CBS Records, as "Neeko", while they were recording at CBS Studios, Whitfield Street.[5] McBrain liked the name, changing it to Nicko "so that it sounded more English," and decided to keep it even after leaving the group.[6]
Davidson organized the first military Bicycle Corps in 1894. It consisted of cadets from the Northwestern Military Academy.[6] Davidson developed the military bicycle corps in the hope that the bicycle would speed up the movement of troops. Davidson staged a cross-country 850 mile expedition to Washington, D.C in the summer of 1897. The maneuvers were done in a military practice as if the Bicycle Corps were traveling in enemy territory.[7] The expedition took 15 days and had much national publicity. Davidson offered the government the services of his Bicycle Corps when the Spanish-American War broke out.[8] He was turned down since the military bicycles had minimum firepower and showed it left the bicycle-rider exposed to retaliation. The new automobile that was being innovated at the time showed better combat possibilities, if it could be properly armed and protected against enemy firepower.[7]
Microfluorimetry has uses for many different fields including cell biology, microbiology, immunology, cell cycle analysis and "flow karyotyping" of cells.[2] In flow karotyping, isolated metaphase chromosomes are stained and measured in a flow microfluorometer. Fluorescent staining of chromosomes can also give distribution about the relative frequency of occurrence and the chromosomal DNA content of the measured chromosomes. This technique allows for karyotyping at higher speeds than with previous methods and was shown to be accurate using Chinese hamster chromosomes.[3] Flow microfluorimetry (FMF) can also be used to determine different populations of cells using fluorescent markers with small cell samples. The markers used for measurement in flow microfluorimetry are made up of fluorescent antigens or DNA binding agents.[2] It allows for the accurate measure of an antibody reacting with an antigen.[1] Flow microfluorimetry is also used in pharmaceutical research to determine cell type, protein and DNA expression, cell cycle, and other properties of a cell during drug treatment.[4] For example, microfluorimetry is used in neurons to compare the effects of neurotoxins on both calcium ion concentration and mitochondrial membrane potential in individual cells.[5] Microfluorimetry can also be used as a method to distinguish different microorganisms from one another by analyzing and comparing the DNA content of each cell.[6] This same concept can also be applied to distinguish between cell types using a suitable fluorescent dye which varies depending on purpose and is a critical technique in modern cell biology and genomics.[7]
In 1969, while he was serving as a sessional faculty member teaching film history to graduate students at McMaster, he was invited to teach part-time at Ryerson in the School of Radio and Television Arts. He joined the full-time faculty at Ryerson in 1972 and was, almost immediately, appointed the Vice Chair of the School. In addition to his teaching and administrative duties he continued to write, produce, and direct cultural documentaries, including Prophecy (the winner of a Gold Medal at the Atlanta International Festival, featuring Canadian actor, John Colicos), The Canadian Film Awards (writer/researcher), Dante (writer/researcher, working with Lister Sinclair at the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation), Leave this Not to Cain, narrated by Pierre Berton and produced by Canadian broadcaster, senator Betty Kennedy, The Prophet from Pugwash (nominated for a Canadian Film Award), A History of the Canadian Labour Movement (a trade union official described the two one hour programs as the first documentaries financed by the Right Wing which were acceptable to the Left Wing), Insight with Betty Kennedy, and The Great Chinese Exhibition (video taped in Stockholm, London, Toronto, and Paris). In the early seventies he attended Marshall Mcluhan's media workshops in the University of Toronto's Centre for the Study of Culture and Technology. As a complement to his academic studies in dramatic theory he worked as a script reader with the Canadian Film Development Corporation analyzing and deconstructing scores of film scenarios. In 1978 he had been appointed Chair of the School of Radio and Television Arts. In addition to his academic leadership duties he was asked by President Walter Pitman to conduct a university-wide study on "The Cyclical Renewal of Electronic Equipment" in Schools which had a strong technological base. Dr. Gardner completed his three-year term as Chair and took two years of academic leave to complete his academic studies at OISE and to pursue freelance writing and production activities in the media. He successfully defended his doctoral thesis dealing with the nature of the dramatic form in 1983. Professor Richard Courtney, his doctoral thesis supervisor, described the thesis as one of the finest he had ever supervised.
Early in the 2006-2007 academic year the General Wolfe Elementary School community submitted an application to become a Conversion Public Charter School in Baltimore City. On December 12, 2006 the Board of Education of Baltimore City approved the application to allow General Wolfe Elementary School to convert to a Public Charter School. This will allow the school more control over curricular, financial, personnel issues and professional development. As a conversion charter school the school will maintain a geographic enrollment zone that will allow any student living in that zone to attend the school. Any empty seats after all zone students were enrolled will be open to any student in Baltimore City as chosen through a lottery process. General Wolfe Elementary School was the first school nationally to attempt a charter school solution as a response to poor academic performance under the No Child Left Behind act.
Physical demands on forward observers are often extremely high since they fight alongside or in support of airborne infantry, light infantry, mechanized infantry, a joint task force or a sister service while carrying a much greater equipment load (radios, secure communication equipment, laser rangefinder and target designator, etc.) than the maneuver element they are attached to. Although Army Field Manual 21-18 specifies 72 pounds as the maximum individual load a soldier should carry, a 2004 study of soldiers in a light infantry rifle company deployed to Afghanistan found that the average Forward Observer carried 128.56 pounds, while the average Fire Support NCO carried 143.30 pounds.[1] Because of this, their infantry fighting skills must be on par with their fellow soldiers in the maneuver element.
The orthogenesis hypothesis had a significant following in the 19th century when a number of evolutionary mechanisms, such as Lamarckism, were being proposed. Jean-Baptiste Lamarck himself accepted the idea, and it had a central role in his theory of inheritance of acquired characteristics, the hypothesized mechanism of which resembled the "mysterious inner force" of orthogenesis. Other proponents of orthogenesis included Leo S. Berg, philosopher Henri Bergson and, for a time, the paleontologist Henry Fairfield Osborn. Orthogenesis was particularly accepted by paleontologists who saw in their fossils a directional change, and in invertebrate paleontology thought there was a gradual and constant directional change. Those who accepted orthogenesis in this way, however, did not necessarily accept that the mechanism that drove orthogenesis was teleological. In fact, Darwin himself rarely used the term "evolution" now so commonly used to describe his theory, because in Darwin's time, evolution usually was associated with some sort of progressive process like orthogenesis, and this had been common usage since at least 1647.[10]
Batting is also used to simulate snow in Christmas displays, such as for Christmas villages and Christmas tree skirts. It comes in sheets which are a few millimeters or up to a quarter-inch thick, either folded or rolled like giftwrap, and is often sold lightly sprinkled with silvery or multicolored glitter. A different variety called "Buffalo Snow" is much thicker and fluffier, and is sold folded or rolled in packages the size of a standard bed pillow. This was named for Buffalo, New York, which has heavy lake-effect snows, and is also the location of the Buffalo Batt & Felt company that first sold it as a decorative product.
Fred currently lives in Santa Monica and primarily performs retro jazz guitar with some of LA's finest musicians, playing and singing songs of the 30s and 40s. He often plays and records with British ex-rock star Ian Whitcomb.[7] And he plays bluegrass, blues or rockabilly whenever the opportunity arises. He's active on the studio scene, playing on other people's albums and on numerous TV and movie soundtracks, and he was a musical advisor on Michael Mann's film, Public Enemies.[8] Fred also records and performs with children's artists like Dan Crow, Greg & Steve, KPFK's Uncle Ruthie and Paul Stookey. He relishes the diversity of his portfolio: he played lap steel on The Tonight Show, mandolin on Rick James' last CD, played Dobro with Chubby Checker and won on the Gong Show (playing bluegrass banjo), jammed at the House of Blues with Junior Brown...and he performs with the legendary folksinger Tom Paxton[9] whenever Tom comes to California. He continues to create instructional material, including his very successful "Roadmaps" series, and is regarded as an authority on many musical genres, particularly what is now called "Americana."
In 1776, at the death of Wenman Coke, his eldest son Thomas William Coke (created Earl of Leicester in 1837) inherited Holkham Hall and Longford Hall passed to his younger son, Edward Coke. At the death of Edward Coke in 1837, Longford Hall passed to Thomas William Coke, who visited it the same year and found it in a shocking state of disrepair. Coke wrote orders to the bailiff to do all that was necessary to make it habitable. The bailiff, mistakenly believing that the stonework was unsafe, pulled down the tower and the old banqueting hall which contained the carved gallery and stained glass windows bearing the arms of the Longford family from the time of the Conquest. During the last five years of his life, Coke visited Longford annually and returned the estate to its former splendor.[6] In June 1842, Coke, sensing that he was in his last days, decided to pay his boyhood home one last visit. Shortly after his arrival, after dedicating two new bridges he had built over a mill stream that ran through the village, he took seriously ill and died on 30 June 1842, aged 88 years.[7]
In part, to ensure passage of such a law when the time came, the Pennsylvania Abolition Society was formed, and held its first meeting at the temporary Capital, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, in 1794. On March 22, 1794, Congress passed the Slave Trade Act of 1794, which prohibited making, loading, outfitting, equipping, or dispatching of any ship to be used in the trade of slaves.[2] Then on August 5, 1797, John Brown of Providence, Rhode Island, was tried in federal court as the first American to be tried under the 1794 law. Brown was convicted and was forced to forfeit his ship Hope.[3] On April 7, 1798, the fifth Congress passed an act that imposed a three hundred dollar per slave penalty on persons convicted of performing the illegal importation of slaves. It was an indication of the type of behavior and course of events soon to become commonplace in the Congress.[4]
The Nativity of Jesus has been a major subject of Christian art since the 4th century. The artistic depictions of the Nativity or birth of Jesus, celebrated at Christmas, are based on the narratives in the Bible, in the Gospels of Matthew and Luke, and further elaborated by written, oral and artistic tradition. Christian art includes a great many representations of the Virgin Mary and the Christ Child. Such works are generally referred to as the "Madonna and Child" or "Virgin and Child". They are not usually representations of the Nativity specifically, but are often devotional objects representing a particular aspect or attribute of the Virgin Mary, or Jesus. Nativity pictures, on the other hand, are specifically illustrative, and include many narrative details; they are a normal component of the sequences illustrating both the Life of Christ and the Life of the Virgin.
HMS Vanguard was a British fast battleship built during World War II and commissioned after the war. She was the only ship of her class and was the biggest, fastest and last of the Royal Navy's battleships,[2] and the final battleship to be launched in the world. Work on the ship's design commenced before the war because the Royal Navy anticipated being outnumbered by the combined German and Japanese battleships in the early 1940s. The existing Lion-class battleship design was modified to suit Vanguard's main armament. The British had enough guns and gun turrets in storage to allow one battleship to be built relatively quickly, but the work was started and stopped several times during the war. Even after construction had begun, her design was revised several times to reflect war experience, and these changes prevented her from being completed during the war.
Early on, Paradise Lost were inspired by Kreator, Celtic Frost, Candlemass, Death, Morbid Angel, and Repulsion.[6] Up to 1989, the band recorded demo cassettes, then signed with Peaceville Records for their first album (recorded at The Academy), Lost Paradise.[7] Their debut was well received by press and fans alike.[6] In November 1990, Paradise Lost went back to The Academy to work on the second album. 1991's Gothic (also on Peaceville) was the band's stylistic breakthrough,[8] eventually becoming an influential album within the extreme metal circles. The album was labeled a "classic" and was rated highly by both fans and critics.[9] The album expanded beyond the original death/doom format by being more melodic and featuring symphonic orchestra and female vocals by Sarah Marrion.[7] With this album the band pushed "gothic" into the metal scene and started a new genre - gothic metal. Paradise Lost was signed to the Music for Nations label, and in July 1992 released Shades Of God.[8] The album contained the song "As I Die," later released as a single/EP. In summer 1993, the band commenced work on their fourth full-length record, Icon which was released on September in the same year. The album hit the German charts at number 31,[7] It solidified the band's position in the mainstream metal scene.[9] Draconian Times, one of the band's most successful albums came in June 1995; a limited edition digipack offered a second disc, dubbed "Live Tracks, Demos & B-Sides," with five live recordings as well as demos and outtakes. To promote the album, Paradise Lost went on a tour through Europe, South America, Australia, and Japan.
In this documentary they offer simple ideas, but what they are conveying is not the need for simplicity. Their insight is grounded to the principles that are the make-up of the nation. They refer to the forefathers, the Constitution, to the historical revolutionary acts that have propelled the country forward during tough times. Their words intertwine and are supported by renowned scholars, such as professors Lawrence Kotlikoff, John Friar, and Khalil Habib; passionate journalists such as Dylan Ratigan and Louie Free and keen advocates such as Lew Ward, Grover Norquist, Steve Forbes, Robert Scott, Ned Ryun, and Scott Paul. They ultimately bring a sense of hope and cooperation with these interactions, and let Americans appreciate “they are not alone” in this colossal struggle.[2]
Upon arriving in Eden and taking a menial construction job, along with other, mostly rehabilitated former soldiers, amps, Owen witnesses more violence against the Amps by regular humans, that Amps call "regies." Owen meets the engineer who designed his and twelve other militarized amps. These allow the amped individual to better connect with their own body and autonomic systems, to know and understand martial arts, military strategy, military tactics, weapons, and enhanced senses toward preservation, and learns that his father implanted one of these in his own head after a traumatic childhood accident. Owen also meets several other residents of Eden including Lyle Crosby, the former leader of Echo Squad, the disgraced military unit that received these military implants and his beautiful sister, a regie who stayed in Eden with the other Amps and adopted one of the Amp children, Nick, whose parents abandoned him with the Supreme Court ruling.
His association with the trade union movement led to a lengthy career in government service. In 1921, Secretary of Commerce Herbert Hoover appointed Wolman to the Conference on Unemployment, a federal conference charged with studying unemployment during the Post-World War I recession.[9] His service led to additional work for labor unions. Wolman helped the ACWU negotiate unemployment benefits for its members in the mid-1920s, and with the onset of the Great Depression he was lecturing union audiences on unemployment in 1930.[10] Governor of New York Franklin D. Roosevelt appointed him in October 1930 to a committee to recommend solutions to the unemployment problem facing that state, and he was chair of a seven-state commission on unemployment in 1931.[11] He became a strong advocate for federal unemployment insurance, and co-authored a major study of European economies in 1932 which linked dropping standards of living to lack of unemployment benefits.[12]
Being on the economic periphery of England, Lincolnshire's transport links are less well developed than many other parts of the United Kingdom. The road network within the county is dominated by single-carriageway trunk roads (A roads) and minor roads (B roads) rather than motorways or dual carriageways – the administrative county of Lincolnshire is one of the small number of UK counties without a motorway (the M180, the principal link between South Yorkshire and the North Sea coast, runs exclusively within the boundaries of North Lincolnshire). Following a north-south axis, the most important route into and out of the county is the A1 (formerly the Great North Road) linking the county with London and south-east England as well as the important population centres of northern England and Scotland. The three main points where traffic enters the county from the A1 are Stamford, Grantham and Newark (A46). The volume of traffic on the A46 along with the extremely high accident rate forced the County Council to transform the road to a dual carriageway along its entire 13-mile (21 km) length, with this much-needed upgrade being finally completed in 2004. Up until a few years ago,[when?] it was said that there was only approximately 22 miles (35 km) of dual carriageway in the whole of Lincolnshire.[citation needed]
In 1960, the Houston Oilers began play as a charter member of the American Football League, and arranged to lease the stadium from HISD as their home stadium. The team was owned by Bud Adams, a wealthy Houston oilman who upgraded Jeppesen Stadium for professional football use. Part of Adams' upgrades were expanding the seating capacity to 36,000. This allowed for the largest attendance for the stadium ever of 37,981 when the Dallas Texans competed against the Oilers on December 23, 1962 for that year's AFL title game.[6] At this time HISD continued its use of the stadium with an average of ten games per week.[7] Making national headlines, the NAACP protested HISD's segregation policy in 1961, and formally asked players from the Oakland Raiders to refuse to play the Houston Oilers at Jeppesen Stadium in a regular-season game.[8] The Oilers remained at Jeppesen until 1964, when they moved into Rice Stadium.
The need for an airport for Murray and Calloway County was apparent to further the growth and progress of the community. The Murray Chamber of Commerce knew of the interest which the Murray Jaycees had in working to obtain an airport. In the spring of 1957 the Murray Chamber of Commerce approached the Jaycees to offer their assistance and cooperation if the Jaycees would undertake the airport project. The Jaycees endorsed the project and a committee was appointed after approval by the board of directors. A campaign was established to obtain approval from the State Department of Aeronautics, with local residents, businesses and interested parties writing letters and making phone calls. The result was an approval to continue with the project. The Jaycees held a radio auction for the purpose of raising funds for the airport project. With the success of the auction it was evident that there would be an airport for Murray and Calloway County. On Saturday, October 28, 1961, Kentucky Governor Bert T. Combs dedicated the airport in a ceremony attended by state and local officials as well as many local citizens.[citation needed]
The 1900 games were not governed by a specific Olympic organizing committee, but instead held as an appendage to the 1900 World's Fair. An enormous amount of events were held, though many fall short of the standards later required for Olympic championship status. Decisions as to which Olympic events are termed "official" and which have "unofficial" or "demonstration" status are usually left to the Olympic organizing committees and/or the IOC. In the absence of any overall authority capable of making an official distinction of this kind, no decision as to the official status of any event was made at the time of the Games. A document from 1912 exists, listing results from the 1900 Games, but the reliability of this paper is questioned by Olympic historians. This document forms the basis of the results of the Paris games in the IOC database.[9]
“Collective society” means a society, association or corporation that carries on the business of collective administration of copyright or of the remuneration right conferred by section 19 or 81 for the benefit of those who, by assignment, grant of licence, appointment of it as their agent or otherwise, authorize it to act on their behalf in relation to that collective administration, and (a) operates a licensing scheme, applicable in relation to a repertoire of works, performer’s performances, sound recordings or communication signals of more than one author, performer, sound recording maker or broadcaster, pursuant to which the society, association or corporation sets out classes of uses that it agrees to authorize under this Act, and the royalties and terms and conditions on which it agrees to authorize those classes of uses, or (b) carries on the business of collecting and distributing royalties or levies payable pursuant to this Act [1]
The first "permanent" Statler hotel was designed by August Esenwein and James A. Johnson (architect) and built in Buffalo, New York and offered 300 rooms and bathrooms (it was later expanded to 450 rooms and baths). The hotel was successful and led to a chain of hotels in other cities. Statler's intent was not to compete with the luxury hotels, but rather to provide, clean, comfortable and moderately priced rooms for the average traveler. Statler was the first major hotel chain to have a bathroom in every room. His innovative Statler Plumbing Shaft is still used in modern construction. From providing paper and pens for correspondence (prominently bearing the Statler name) to a light in the closet, Statler brought the average traveler a level of luxury that was otherwise unaffordable.
Historically the area has always had some importance, containing valuable agricultural land in the centre of the country and the prestigious university in the county town of Oxford (whose name came from Anglo-Saxon Oxenaford = "ford for oxen"). Ignored by the Romans, it was not until the formation of a settlement at Oxford in the 8th century that the area grew in importance. Alfred the Great was born across the Thames in Wantage in Berkshire. The University of Oxford was founded in 1096, though its collegiate structure did not develop until later on. The area was part of the Cotswolds wool trade from the 13th century, generating much wealth, particularly in the western portions of the county in the Oxfordshire Cotswolds. Morris Motors was founded in Oxford in 1912, bringing heavy industry to an otherwise agricultural county. The importance of agriculture as an employer has declined rapidly in the 20th century though; currently under one percent of the county's population are involved due to high mechanisation.
Despite never having played a single down of football, in 1914, he became the coach of the Furman B squad under head coach W. B. Bible, brother of Dana X. Bible. Bible, however, was an English professor with little knowledge of the game, and Laval soon had the B squad capable of decisively beating the varsity team in scrimmages. After the season, the school sent Laval to be mentored by Illinois head coach and football innovator Robert Zuppke, who had won the 1914 national championship. In 1915, W. B. Bible resigned and Laval took his place as the head football coach in addition to his duties as baseball coach. As an "all-year coach", his salary was $1,100, which was about the average at the time.[1] He coached Furman football from 1916 to 1927 and compiled a 71–34–3 record.[3] In 1920, Laval returned to the Greenville Spinners to serve as their manager during the baseball season.[1][2]
Caroline of Baden died 13 November 1841, outliving her husband by sixteen years and one month. Due to her Protestant religion, her funeral was conducted with so little royal dignity that there were public protests. By order of the Catholic archbishop of Munich, Lothar Anselm von Gebsattel, all participating Catholic clergy were dressed in ordinary clothes instead of church vestments. The Protestant clergy were halted at the church door and not allowed to proceed inside for the service, so Ludwig Friedrich Schmidt gave the funeral sermon there. Afterwards, the funeral procession dissipated, and the coffin was placed in the burial crypt without ceremony. This treatment of his beloved stepmother permanently softened the attitude of Caroline's stepson Ludwig I of Bavaria, who up until that time had been a strong opponent of Protestantism in spite of his marriage to the Protestant princess Therese of Saxe-Hildburghausen.
Dr. McCaskey is most remembered in the field of education and the high school in Lancaster, PA is named for him. McCaskey began teaching in the Boys' High School in 1855, with the exception of one year 1857-1858, most of which he spent in the Old evening Express" printing office, learning something of the printers trade. He was High School Principal for fifty years. Dr. McCaskey was born on a farm near Gordonville, Lancaster County, PA October 9, 1837. His father's family belonged to the Presbyterian and his mother's to the Episcopal Church. They attended services regularly at both churches.He learned to read at an early age before going to the old Zook schoolhouse, and was required to read daily and often aloud from the Bible. By the time he was ten or eleven, he left home for the Oak Hill Academy, and later attended school in Lancaster. In May 1849 Dr. McCaskey came to Lancaster, and was for a year in the secondary school on Duke street, under a noted teacher, Howard Worcester Gilbert. He entered the Boy's High School in 1850. In 1860 Dr. McCaskey was married to Ellen Margaret Chase, at Bath N.Y. Together they had seven children. In Politics Dr. McCaskey has always been a Republican. Dr. McCaskey is a published song writer many times over and introduced Arbor Day to Pennsylvania. Dr. McCaskey is interred in Greenwood Cemetery.
Odds are most commonly expressed as ratios, but converting them to percentages will often make them easier to work with. The ratio has two numbers: the size of the pot and the cost of the call. To convert this ratio to the equivalent percentage, we add these two numbers together and then divide the cost of the call by this sum. For example, the pot is $30, and the cost of the call is $10. The pot odds in this situation are 30:10, or 3:1 when simplified. To get the percentage, we add $30 and $10 to get a sum of $40 and then divide $10 by $40, giving us 1/4, or 25%.
In 1985 Bloodgood released a demo, Metal Missionaries, of which they sold over 5,000 copies at concerts.[1] Their 1986 eponymous debut was produced by Darrell Mansfield.[5] While Bloodgood was visually similar to other metal bands at the time, it was distinguished by three elements: the vocals of Les Carlsen, the songwriting of Michael Bloodgood, and the guitar techniques of David Zaffiro.[3] The band's sound was in many ways typical of competent 1980's hair metal bands, but their lyrics were distinctly Christian. Themes often included Armageddon, hope and victory in Christ, and the Grace of living in God, with Biblical language throughout.[3][5] When asked about the influence of Stryper upon the band, Michael Bloodgood told an interviewer that the band had formed before Stryper became well known, and so they were not a musical influence because they played different styles of metal.[4]
Opposition to European interference in Egypt's affairs resulted in the emergence of a nationalist movement that coalesced and spread after the British military intervention and occupation of 1882. The immediate causes of what is known to Egyptians as the 1919 Revolution, however, were British actions during the war that caused widespread hardship and resentment. Specifically, these included Britain's purchase of cotton and requisitioning of fodder at below market prices, Britain's forcible recruitment of about 500,000 peasants into the Egyptian Labour Corps and the Egyptian Camel Transport Corps in the Egyptian Expeditionary Force, and its use of the country as a base and a garrison populated by British, Australian, and other troops. After the war, Egypt felt the adverse effects of soaring prices and unemployment.
The role of the immune system and neuroinflammation in the development of autism is controversial. Until recently, there was scant evidence supporting immune hypotheses, but research into the role of immune response and neuroinflammation may have important clinical and therapeutic implications. The exact role of heightened immune response in the central nervous system (CNS) of patients with autism is uncertain, but may be a primary factor in triggering and sustaining many of the comorbid conditions associated with autism. Recent studies indicate the presence of heightened neuroimmune activity in both the brain tissue and the cerebrospinal fluid of patients with autism, supporting the view that heightened immune response may be an essential factor in the onset of autistic symptoms.[19]
The Rothman Index captures data found in a hospital's electronic health record and displays the progression of a patient's health over time. The Rothman Index generates a regularly updated health score synthesizing routine vital signs, nursing assessments, and lab results, for display in a user-friendly graphical format, summarizing thousands of pages of patient data at a glance.The Rothman Index simplifies the tracking of patient progress and detects subtle declines in health. Rapid response teams, physicians and nurses have the ability to see multiple patient graphs simultaneously. This allows for earlier interventions and a summarized understanding of a whole unit, providing patients with the extraordinary care they need effectively and efficiently.[3]
Laminated glass, commonly used in the automotive and architectural fields, comprises a protective interlayer, usually polyvinyl butyral, bonded between two panels of glass. The bonding process takes place under heat and pressure. When laminated under these conditions, the PVB interlayer becomes optically clear and binds the two panes of glass together. Once sealed together, the glass "sandwich" (i.e., laminate) behaves as a single unit and looks like normal glass. The polymer interlayer of PVB is tough and ductile, so brittle cracks will not pass from one side of the laminate to the other.
Four singles were released from the album. The first, the title track, was released to a generally negative critical reception with Blender naming it as the ninth worst song of all time. A controversial music video was pulled after scenes of war and violence were criticized which led to an edited version being released, charting at number 37 in the US elsewhere it entered the top ten in most countries placing at number two in the UK. The second, "Hollywood," became her first to miss out on the Billboard Hot 100 since "Burning Up" in 1983. A music video directed by Jean-Baptiste Mondino was subject of a lawsuit for plagiarism from French fashion photographer Guy Bourdin. The third, "Nothing Fails," featured a lack of promotion resulting in a poor commercial performance, topping the charts in Spain, it once again missed out on the Billboard Hot 100. The final single, "Love Profusion," featured a music video directed by Luc Besson but once again failed commercially charting poorly in most countries while once again topping the Spanish Singles Chart.
The Patriots made a transition from the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics NAIA to the National Collegiate Athletic Association NCAA Division II, and subsequently into the NCAA Division I rank in the 1978-79 season. According to the history of George Mason basketball,[3] both the men's and women's basketball program have been fixtures of campus life, and have all been enjoyed by students, parents, faculty, staff, other alumni. Although many of the school's athletic programs are enjoyed by George Mason Patriots and have had many of their own memorable moments, the men's basketball program remains the key sport at the University. The men's basketball team has played at the Patriot Center since 1985, and in prior years played at the PE Building on the west side of the Fairfax Campus.[3]
The main products of Teddy-Hermann are teddy bears and other plush animals, including among others cats, dogs, monkeys, and birds. The company groups its products into three main lines: Hermann Teddy Original, Hermann Teddy Miniaturen, and Hermann Teddy Collection. The Hermann Teddy Original line is directed toward collectors and encompasses traditional and designer teddy bears as well as other animals, all of which are produced on premises in Hirschaid. The Hermann Teddy Miniaturen line encompasses teddy bears under 12 centimeters in length and is therefore unique among the offerings of other European teddy bear producers. Meanwhile, the Hermann Teddy Collection line is directed toward children and encompasses the widest range of plush animals.
As chief librarian, he was occupied with building both the library's collection and new branches. Acquiring the library's first collection took some diplomacy on his part, since in the 1880s fiction was controversial. In the campaign to establish a free library, some of the opposition had argued against it on the grounds that taxes shouldn't be used to circulate novels. While the library did acquire novels, the bulk of the collection was more serious. He was particularly concerned with ensuring that the library's collection include “every work of any consequence” in the fields of Canadian history and literature. The first building space and book collection for the library came from the Toronto Mechanics' Institute, who had opened a subscription library in 1833. Bain welcomed patrons to the first Toronto Public Library in the Mechanics' Institute in 1884. Two branches, Northern and Western, also opened that year, with Eastern following in 1888, Dundas in 1889 and College in 1900.[2]
Rook is the great-grandson of Cloud Wolf, grandson of Arborinus Verginix (Twig) and the great nephew of Tem Barkwater. He has a special connection with banderbears, and in The Last of the Sky Pirates befriends a female banderbear named Wumeru, which is translated "She with chipped tusk walks alone in the moonlight." When abandoned in the Deepwoods, when his parents were unfortunately killed by slavers, Rook is protected by a banderbear until Varis Lodd discovers him on a treatise voyage. He later befriends Varis' younger brother, Felix. Felix eventually runs off to join the rebels called The Ghosts of Screetown, and saves Rook when he crash-lands in Screetown. Felix and the other "Ghosts" help to guide the librarians (with the Sky Pirates). Rook appears in The Last of the Sky Pirates, Vox, and Freeglader. In The Last of the Sky Pirates he is a brave, orphaned, young under-librarian in the sewers of Old Undertown, when he is selected to make the perilous journey to the Free Glades to become a Librarian Knight. He is helpful, kind and thoughtful, and even when he loses his skycraft he doesn't give up, he becomes a Freeglade Lancer. He also appears in 'The Blooding of Rufus Filatine' and reveals to Xanth's son, Rufus, that he is old friends with his father, he has become an adult and is the commander of the Freeglade Lancers. Magda Burlix appears to be his love interest, although she has feelings for his best friend, Xanth Filatine as well, although this may be because he saved her life. It is later revealed in The Immortals that Rook had married her.[1]
During testing at UC Riverside's Center for Nanoscale Science and Engineering, the molecule took about 10,000 unassisted nano-scale steps, moving in a straight line without requiring the assistance of nano-rails or nano-grooves for guidance. As described by the research team leader, assistant professor of chemistry Ludwig Bartels, "Similar to a human walking, where one foot is kept on the ground while the other moves forward and propels the body, our molecule always has one linker on a flat surface, which prevents the molecule from stumbling to the side or veering off course."[1][2] Researchers believe the project could lead to the development of molecular computers in which DTA or other similar molecules would function as nano-abacuses.
Mark was born in Kensal Rise, London to Grenadian immigrant parents,[1] and grew up in Shepherd's Bush. She had her introduction to the music business initially by working as guest vocalist on Dennis Bovell's Sufferer sound system, followed by a residency at the Metro club in Westbourne Park[disambiguation needed], and via "Star Search" talent contests held at the Four Aces club in Dalston, where she won for ten consecutive weeks.[1][2] Sound-system operator and record producer Lloyd Coxsone provided dub plates for the contestants to sing over at the contests and, in late 1974, provided the fifteen-year old Mark with her first recording session, at Gooseberry Studios, where she recorded a cover version of Robert Parker's "Caught You in a Lie", on which she was backed by Matumbi, the single also being released in Jamaica by Gussie Clarke.[2][3] "Caught You in a Lie" is considered the first lovers rock single.[3][4] It gave her an instant hit with reggae audiences, and was followed by a version of The Beatles' "All My Loving".[2] Her career was interrupted after a dispute with Coxsone and she concentrated on finishing her studies.[1]
In 1999, the stadium was renovated and expanded through a $2.5 million donation from the Cameron family, best known as the owners of Cameron Coca-Cola.[6] The renovations included the installation of a new FieldTurf playing surface, the construction of an eight-lane outdoor track, the construction of improved visitor bleachers, and the installation of a new scoreboard.[6] The next year, the college completed phase two of the renovation in 2000 saw the construction of expanded locker rooms, a new women's locker room, luxury suites, two new concession stands, three new ticket booths, and additional seating for 1,000 spectators.[6] A state-of-the-art press box was constructed, along with hardware necessary for television and radio broadcasts.[6] That same year, the college completed the Washington & Jefferson Athletic Hall of Fame, contained in the Eaton/Gentile Hall of Fame Room at Towler Hall.[6] In 2001, the stadium was renamed Cameron Stadium.[4]
Hitches for two-wheel trailers must incorporate some form of universal joint or flexible coupling. If the joint relies on a certain amount of play to give the required movement, then there is the possibility of resonance at certain pedalling speeds and trailer loads. The effect is that the trailer feels as if it is 'bumping' the bicycle. However, there are other methods such as spring with a nylon tube inserted through the middle to provide rigidity and flexibility, allowing the bicycle to lean while the trailer remains upright and isolates the bicycle from any resonance.
A Revenue model is used to identify all cash flows concerning the service. These are all costs and revenues that are the result of economic activities. Therefore, the value of each activity must be measured (or approximated) using performance indicators. In the model, the cash flows can be described qualitative at first (high, medium, low) and more in detail at later stages of the development process. The model uses lines representing in- and outgoing cash flows between the value activities and the actors drawn the model. The meta-model consists of the financial arrangements, which describe the costs and the revenues of a service, using performance indicators.
This benign patch appears on the skin at birth or in early childhood. In most people these are under 10cm in size. If there is doubt about the diagnosis, rubbing the area causes the skin around the lesion to become red while the lesion itself does not change in color.[3] Often the patches are difficult to see against the background color of the patient’s skin, but if sunburn develops, then the white area stands out prominently.[4] The involved area is lighter than the normal skin, not because of a loss of pigment occurs, but because blood vessels are constricted, producing a permanent blanching of the area. This blanching is a functional rather than a structual abnormality, presumed to be caused by local increased sensitivity to catecholamines.[5] Although the cutaneous vasculature appears normal histologically, the blood vessels within the nevus do not respond to injection of vasodilators. It has been postulated that the persistent pallor may represent a sustained localized adrenergic vasoconstriction.[6] Results of a skin biopsy would be interpreted as normal and only physiological testing can reveal the nevus in contrast to normal skin. Stroking the patch elicits no red flare. Only the normal skin would react with a characteristic erythematous response. Examination under a Wood lamp can also reveal the nevus anemicus patch will not emphasize as a patch of vitiligo would.[7]
Six more trains also passed along the line during the period that the track circuit had failed, each passing signal A370 at danger under the authority of the Ashford signalman. At 20:28, the driver of the ballast train telephoned the signalman at Ashford and was given the same authority to pass it at danger. The parcels train was then held at signal A324, which was showing a danger aspect as the ballast train was still occupying the track circuit ahead of the signal. The secondman of the parcels train was told to wait until the signal cleared as the rail train was ahead of them. He was also told of the track circuit failure, and that he was to report again from signal A370. At about this time (between 20:30 and 20:40), the track circuit fault was fixed, and signal A370 was showing a proceed aspect when the parcels train reached it. The driver stopped and the secondman reported to the Ashford signalman by telephone as previously instructed. He was told to proceed normally, obeying the aspects shown by the signals.[1]
Currently, the San Bernardino City Council is considering another redevelopment effort. The city’s Economic Development Agency presented the council with a draft of the Downtown Core Vision / Action Plan in 2009.[3] – a guide for revitalizing downtown San Bernardino for the next 10 years. The plan is the culmination of a year of research, community participation, and planning led by the city’s EDA and the urban planning firm EDAW. The city is discussing the construction of a new government center/civic plaza that will contain an iconic 24 story tower.[4] The county of San Bernardino is currently constructing a new 12 story-200 foot court house, hoping to help the old 1926 congested court house and the downtown skyline, becoming the tallest building in San Bernardino and the Inland Empire.[5][6]
The fruit cake is commonly known as a Christmas Cake in Canada and eaten during the Christmas season. Rarely is it seen during other times of the year. The Canadian fruit cake is similar in style to the UK version, as it is in most Commonwealth countries. However, there is rarely icing on the cake and alcohol is not commonly put in Christmas cakes that are sold. The cakes also tend to be void of any decorations and are shaped like a small loaf of bread. Dark, moist and rich Christmas cakes are the most frequently consumed, with white Christmas cake rarely seen. These cakes tend to be made in mid-November to early December when the weather starts to cool down. They are a staple during Christmas dinner and a gift generally exchanged between business associates and close friends/family.
Until her retirement from the field in 2003, she remained involved in health education and midwifery advocacy. Evans taught classes as a part-time instructor at Lansing Community College (1978–1981) and the University of Nebraska-Lincoln (1984–1988). She also served in Michigan as state coordinator of the International Childbirth Education Association (1979–1981) and member of the Department of Health’s Task Force on Perinatal Education (1980–1981); in Nebraska as member of the Lincoln-Lancaster Health Department Task Force on Children and Youth, Teen Pregnancy Subcommittee (1983–1984) and the State of Nebraska Breastfeeding Promotion Task Force (1988–1990); in Georgia as member of the DeKalb County Disabilities Council (1991–1993) and president of Atlanta Bethany Christian Services (1991–1993); and in Texas as board member and chair of the State of Texas Midwifery Board (1998–2003). As a founding board member of the Firelight Foundation, Evans also advocated for the needs of children affected by HIV/AIDS in Sub-Saharan Africa.[4]
Embryo donation can be handled on an anonymous basis (donor and recipient parties are not known to each other), or on an open basis (parties' identities are shared and the families agree to a relationship. Occasionally, a "semi-open" arrangement is used in which the parties know family and other information about each other, but their real names and locating information are withheld, in order to provide a layer of privacy protection. Some writers use the term "embryo donation" to refer strictly to anonymous embryo donation, and "embryo adoption" to refer to the open process.[1] Others use the terms synonymously because regardless of whether the arrangement is open or anonymous, the donation of embryos and a clinical assisted reproduction procedure is involved, and the recipient couple is preparing to raise a child not genetically related to them.[2]
After the end of World War II, Italy was in rubble and occupied by foreign armies, like Germany and other Axis powers, a condition that worsened the chronic development gap towards the more advanced European economies. However, the new geopolitical logic of the Cold War made possible that the former enemy Italy, a hinge-country between Western Europe and the Mediterranean, and now a new, fragile democracy threatened by the proximity of the Iron Curtain and the presence of a strong Communist party,[5] was considered by the USA as an important ally for the Free World, and therefore admitted to the generous aids provided by the Marshall Plan, receiving $ 1,204 million from 1947 to 1951. The end of the Plan, that could have stopped the recovery, coincided with the crucial point of the Korea War (1950–1953), whose demand for metal and other manufactured products was a further stimulus to the growth of every kind of industry in Italy. In addition, the creation in 1957 of the European Common Market, of which Italy was among the founder members, provided more investments and eased exports.
Trinity Episcopal Church is a historical Gothic Revival Episcopal church in Wheaton, Illinois. Three families from Wheaton area farms organized the establishment of an Episcopal church in 1875. Bishop William E. McLaren held the first services were performed in the local Universalist church, was on the site now occupied by the DuPage County Historical Museum. After six years of sharing the church, the congregation decided to erect their own. It was constructed in 1881 and has been in continuous use since June 30, 1882. Common to churches built at the time, the church was in the "Prairie Gothic" style. A Kimball pipe organ was installed in 1894 and new light fixtures added in 1926. An extension was added in the 1950s to permit a larger congregation. The church was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978. A renovation and expansion project modernized some aspects of the church in 1997.
The Omaha Trophy was created by the Strategic Command Consultation Committee, located in Omaha, Nebraska. The trophy was originally presented as a single trophy to a unit of the U.S. Air Force's Strategic Air Command (SAC) on behalf of the citizens of Omaha. The committee requested the trophy be presented annually to the command's best wing as a token of recognition and appreciation. It was first presented in 1971, with the number of awards increasing over the years as the U.S. Strategic Command's mission and structure changed. After the deactivation of Strategic Air Command and the creation of U.S. Strategic Command in 1992, the committee authorized two awards. One was for the best ICBM or fleet ballistic missile submarine unit, and the other was for the unified command's best strategic aviation unit. In 1998, the missile category was divided into two separate awards, with one to be presented to land-based units, and the other to sea-based missile units. In 2003, a fourth category was added. This new category was strategic space and information operations, which was used until 2006. It became the cyberspace category in 2007, and global operations in 2008.[2]
Felsite (also called felstone [1]) is a very fine grained volcanic rock that may or may not contain larger crystals. Felsite is a field term for a light colored rock that typically requires petrographic examination or chemical analysis for more precise definition. Color is generally white through light gray, or red to tan and may include any color except dark gray, green or black (the colors of trap rock).[1] The mass of the rock consists of a fine-grained matrix of felsic materials, particularly quartz, sodium and potassium feldspar, and may be termed a quartz felsite or quartz porphyry if the quartz phenocrysts are present. This rock is typically of volcanic origin, and may be found in association with obsidian and rhyolite. In some cases, it is sufficiently fine-grained for use in making stone tools.
There are multiple explanations for the origin of Unaweep Canyon. In the late 19th century, members of the Hayden Survey recognized the oddity of a canyon with two outlets, and suggested it was carved by the ancestral Colorado or Gunnison river.[5][6] Many others have also suggested it was carved by either the Gunnison or Colorado Rivers, but evidence for gravel deposits characteristic of these rivers was elusive, and the existence of the divide remains difficult to explain. Several have suggested that Plio-Pleistocene uplift caused diversion of the (Colorado and/or Gunnison) river(s) and abandonment of the canyon.[7][8] But rates of river incision typically exceed those of tectonic uplift, making this unlikely. The many apparent glacial-like features of the canyon's inner gorge have led some to suggest a Pleistocene glacial origin for the canyon,[9] but the low elevation of the canyon, and lack of Pleistocene glacial deposits, make this problematic.
It is a darkly satirical, angry comedy with a lively streak of science fiction in which the hero and his dog encounter a Deep Time Mariner, an alien traveller sent down to Earth to evacuate important biological species to an intergalactic ark, before the planet collapses under the pressure of its own industrial filth and pollution. The hero imagines that the Deep Time Mariner has come to whisk him away to safety; but the Mariner has come for the dog. The dog, called Einstein, takes up the story in his own voice, offering an alternative version of the Creation myth and Man's place in the universe. Gibson's narrative attacks many different aspects of urban living, including modern art, the cult of motherhood, factory farming, consumerism and big business; but it remains, at heart, a story about our relationship with Nature.
The Big Ten Conference, formerly Western Conference and Big Nine Conference, is the oldest Division I college athletic conference in the United States. Its twelve member institutions (which are primarily flagship research universities in their respective states, well-regarded academically, and with relatively large student enrollment) are located primarily in the Midwest, stretching from Nebraska in the west to Penn State in the east, and from Indiana in the south to Minnesota in the north. The conference competes in the NCAA's Division I; its football teams compete in the Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS), formerly known as Division I-A, the highest level of NCAA competition in that sport. Member schools of the Big Ten (or, in two cases, their parent university systems) also are members of the Committee on Institutional Cooperation, a leading educational and research consortium.
Witchcraft Today is a non-fiction book written by Gerald Gardner. Published in 1954, Witchcraft Today recounts Gardner's thoughts on the history and the practices of the witch-cult, and his claim to have met practising Witches in 1930s England. It also deals with his theory that the Knights Templar had practised the religion,[1] and that the belief in faeries in ancient, mediaeval and early modern Europe is due to a secretive pygmy race that lived alongside other communities.[2] Witchcraft Today is one of the foundational texts for the religion of Wicca, along with Gardner's second book on the subject, 1959's The Meaning of Witchcraft.
A typical adult human skeleton consists of 206 bones. Individuals may have more or fewer bones than this owing to anatomical variations. The most common variations include additional (i.e. supernumerary) cervical ribs or lumbar vertebra. Sesamoid bone number can also vary between individuals. The figure of 206 bones is commonly repeated but must be noted to have some peculiarities in its method of counting. As noted below, the craniofacial bones are counted separately despite the synostoses which occur naturally in the skull. Some reliable sesamoid bones (e.g., pisiform) are counted, while others (e.g., hallux sesamoids) are not. The number of bones changes with age, as multiple ossific nuclei joined by synchondroses fuse into fewer mature bones, a process which typically reaches completion in the third decade of life.
The inference engine control is based on the frequent reevaluation of the data store states, not on any static control structure of the program. The computation is often qualified as data-driven or pattern-directed in contrast to the more traditional procedural control. Rules can communicate with one another only by way of the data, whereas in traditional programming languages procedures and functions explicitly call one another. Unlike instructions, rules are not executed sequentially and it is not always possible to determine through inspection of a set of rules which rule will be executed first or cause the inference engine to terminate.
Aliso Creek (also Aliso Canyon Wash or Aliso Wash) is a major tributary of the Los Angeles River in Los Angeles County, California, with a watershed of 21 square miles (54 km2).[2] It is the second major tributary to enter the Los Angeles River downstream of the Bell Creek/Calabasas Creek merge.[3] The stream runs about 10 miles (16 km) from Aliso Canyon below Oat Mountain to its confluence with the Los Angeles River. During its first mile, it is a free-flowing stream mostly contained within Aliso Canyon Park and Eddlestone Park. After it passes under State Route 118 (Ronald Reagan Freeway) it empties into a retention basin and from there on is encased in a concrete flood control channel, flowing due south. Upstream of Plummer St., it merges with the Wilbur Canyon Wash, and shortly downstream merges with Limekiln Wash, both on the right bank. West of the West Valley Park, Aliso Creek makes a 90-degree bend to the east and merges with the mainstem Los Angeles River.[4]
